EDU-998: update CLI docs (#2267)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cli/workflow/start.md

> Use the command options listed below to change how the Workflow Execution behaves upon starting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command options to change how the Workflow Execution behaves upon starting.
```
